README.md, before:

# HexCard Forge Nexus

A dark-themed, arcane-tech card and map strategy game that combines tactical gameplay with mystical elements.

## Features

- Hexagonal card system for strategic gameplay
- Interactive map-based battles
- Dark theme with arcane aesthetics
- Modern UI components with responsive design
- Rich lore and immersive world-building

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- PySide6/PyQt6 for desktop application
- Modern web browser for web components

### Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies
3. Follow the setup instructions in the documentation

## Project Structure

- `UI_in_HTML.html` - UI style guide and component library
- `UI_INTEGRATION_PLAN.md` - Implementation plan for desktop app
- Additional documentation and source files

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions and support, please open an issue in the repository.

Commit message:

feat: add AI suggestion and turn logic

README.md, after:

# HexCard Forge Nexus

A dark-themed, arcane-tech card and map strategy game that combines tactical gameplay with mystical elements.

## Features

- Hexagonal card system for strategic gameplay
- Interactive map-based battles
- Dark theme with arcane aesthetics
- Modern UI components with responsive design
- Rich lore and immersive world-building
- Optional AI card suggestion in the forge screen

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+
- pnpm package manager (`npm install -g pnpm`)
- Modern web browser for web components

### Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies using `pnpm install`
3. Start the web client with `pnpm dev:web` or the desktop app with `pnpm dev:desktop`
4. Run all tests with `pnpm test`

## Project Structure

```
apps/
  web-client/       # React + Vite front end
  desktop-studio/   # Tauri wrapper for desktop
packages/
  schema/           # Zod data models
  engine/           # Pure game logic (forge, turn state machine)
  ui/               # Shared UI components
```

Additional documentation lives in the `docs/` folder.

### AI Card Suggestion
On the Forge screen you can click **Suggest Card** to let the engine recommend a
card from your collection that best matches the edges of the cards you've
already placed. This feature is optional and doesn't modify your selection until
you choose to use the suggested card.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For questions and support, please open an issue in the repository.
